So in the create product action creator which currently is a function that just returns that action
we can now tweak this a little bit instead of returning actually we can now return number another function
in there.
Thanks to redux thunk thanks to this package we can do this now and this will be a function which receives
the dispatch function as an argument and then in turn needs to dispatch a action so in here in does
return function.
I now simply need to not return this but dispatch does action.
That's the important difference and I'm missing a curly brace here.
So what happened.
I changed create product to be a function which we actually still can dispatch from inside our components
but which now can still work as before.
So we don't need to change all these action creators so you can stick to the old syntax but now thanks
to redux thunk and alternative syntax so to say is also supported.
Where does action creator function does not immediately return to action object but instead where it
returns a function and if it does redux thunk will step in and make sure that everything is still works
and if it returns a function then this is a function which has to receive an argument the dispatch function
which will be passed and automatically by redux thunk so redux thunk will in the end called his function
for you.
And then therefore you can then dispatch a new action and here dispatch the actual action object which
we previously wanted to dispatch about before you do that.
You can now execute any async code you want and dad will be allowed and will not break your redux flow
because redux thunk will take care about this and you can learn more about this in my react course for
example or of course in the official redux func documentation.
Also in the official redux docs actually.
So now here we can send the H to the p request and then react native we can use to fetch API which is
built in and fetch here.
Works basically like the fetch API in the browser where it is all is available.
It takes a U or L you want to send the request to and that's this you are all we got here.
So I'll just copy that you l from Firebase and entered here.
Now fetch sounds like it always just fetches data.
So if it gets data but actually the name is a bit confusing here it's not just used for getting data.
You can also use it to send a post request or a put request.
So any kind of H2 DP request now although we don't just send a request to dis you are L but now as I
said firebase translates your requests to kind of a database query and the database structure so you
can add any node you want here any segment you want.
Like for example products and firebase will kind of create a folder here in the database and store your
data in there.
Important and that's just a firebase specific thing you need to add dot Chasen here.
So that's not required because of risk native or because of JavaScript or because it's HDP request does
it's just a firebase specific thing by default.
This would send a get request but to store data firebase once a post request and to send that we have
to pass a second argument to fetch which should be a javascript object in that second argument.
You can set up the method key and describe the H to the p method of this request and that can be get
put and so on and here it should be post which adds this product we're about to send to this node which
will be created there.
Now you also can set up some headers there and we need to set a header.
We need to add the content type header and you simply add headers as an object and then have key value
pairs with your header identifiers as keys and the values as well values.
And here the value is application slash Jason Central at Firebase noted we're about to send some Jason
data and then we need to do that.
We need to add a body with the data we want to spend to this request and the data should be in the Jason
format.
Thankfully react native supports that Jason object which browser side JavaScript also supports and there
we can call string ify to turn a javascript array or object into Jason format so into a string in the
end and there.
I want to well append my product so in the end a want to string you Fi.
I object here which holds my title my description.
My image you are L and my price.
Not the idea because actually firebase will generate an idea for us here which is really convenient
now.
This will send the request but of course I only want to create the product locally if that request succeeded
because then I can actually also use stead automatically created I.D. which firebase will return to
me and fetch conveniently returns a promise which is this javascript objects that will eventually resolve
to a value in the future or fro an error in the future.
So to wait for this response We can then add then here after fetch.
So on this promise and we'll get our response here so we can do anything with the response.
You can also listen to errors with catch and that's something you should actually already know because
promises are not HREOC native specific.
That's vanilla javascript and Rick native also supports the more moderate async await syntax instead
of then and catch to use that you add async here in front of your function.
This async keyword and now you can await your response here and store it in a constant with this syntax
with the await keyword.
Now behind the scenes this transforms this to the old syntax with then.
So this is like if you added then here and you used your response in a callback you got there.
But this is a bit easier to read which is why I will use this async await syntax.
Just be aware of the fact that this is like adding then just more readable when you use async await
by the way dysfunction here always will automatically return a promise day offered his entire tree create
product function.
Now returns a promise.
It didn't do that before.
Now it will.
You see that here it now returns a promise so that's our response.
This response now can be kind of unpacked to get the data in there.
So the response data that's done by calling response thought Jason that's a method which is a way to
build on that response object we're getting does again as an async task which we have to wait for.
And now this will in the end give us the data returned by firebase when we add a product.
Now we can for now simply locked at response data to see what's in there and I still dispatch my action
here.
But since we have a wait here and therefore it is like it was in multiple then blocks this will only
be dispatched once D operations here are done.
So with that let's say it doesn't let's add a new product by going to the admin section here and then
I'll add white shirt.
I picked a nice image you were L for dat.
Here it is.
Let's say that costs thirty nine point ninety nine DS a white shirt which is pretty stylish.
If I now save this sneak to learn as first.
Now this is added.
Here it is.
And now if you have a look at Firebase we also see that there now is a product snowed in there.
Does this this unique idea and in Dare we have the data we submitted.
And if you have a look at your console you see this is what we got back.
That's this response data here.
This holds a name key and then also holds this I.D. which firebase generated.
This means that when we dispatch our data here we can actually add an I.D. key here and address state
DOT name to access this name key on the response return by firebase to forward D service had generated
I.D. to our create product reducer in the end or to the logic that runs in the reducer.
So now in the products reducer we can actually not use this dummy I.D. here but instead expect that
on our product data data we now get an I.D. field which is the service I generate that idea I will stick
to the dummy user I do for now though but we'll get this service that generated idea here and here it
is and therefore we use this on the front end as well which will be important for later when we also
delete stuff and so on.
So this adds a product but of course as soon as we reload the app it's gone because in the app it was
only stored in memory.
Now we also store it on a server but we're never fetching it from a server.
So let's make sure we do that as well.